fix: List Pagination, and Upload CSV (#1798)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/build-apps/how-to-guides/Upload-CSV-Data-to-Table.md

---
description: This page shows you how to upload an array of objects, such as CSV, XLS(X), JSON, or TSV files, into a Table widget using a Filepicker widget.
---

# Upload CSV/XLS data in Table using Filepicker

This page shows you how to upload an array of objects, such as CSV, XLS(X), JSON, or TSV files, into a Table widget using a Filepicker widget.

 <figure>
  <img src="/img/uploadcsv.gif" style= {{width:"810px", height:"auto"}} alt="Upload CSV data in Table using Filepicker"/>
  <figcaption align = "center"><i>Upload CSV data in Table using Filepicker</i></figcaption>
</figure>

## Prerequisites

* A [Table](/reference/widgets/table) widget to display data.
* A [Filepicker](/reference/widgets/filepicker) widget to upload files.

## Display data

Follow these steps to configure the Filepicker widget to upload files:

> 1. In the Filepicker widget, select **Array of Objects** from the [**Data Format**](/reference/widgets/filepicker#data-format-string) property.

Reviewer: add line to mention the upload part

> 2. Connect the file data to the [**Table data**](/reference/widgets/table#table-data-arrayobject) property of the Table widget, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Bind the uploaded CSV file to the Table widget using the [**Table data**](/reference/widgets/table#table-data-arrayobject) property, like:
```
